Recruiting the mother of Tang Seng under Mengbao to urge marriage
Why is it so hard?
Auntie, I know my talent.
Ah, Dad!
I want dad
Miss Jiang, I go to the kitchen under the hall
Soft and cute
It's much better than you being a cute treasure
I made it very clear in the job posting
What I need is for the baby to come home with me
Only see children
My mom can only believe I'm a single mom
Won't force me to get married again
People are also babies
Hobby baby
If it weren't for your beauty
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you.
I'll go home and let you be a bride every day, hahaha.
Go away
Awesome!
What a cute little cute treasure
Auntie, you just said that you are recruiting Mengbao.
The aunt has been pressured by the old mother to get married
Life was severely affected
Now
I can only rent a cute treasure and go back to deal with her
Can you see me?
What's your name?
How old are you? My name is Gu Doudou and I am 5 years old.
If my child hadn't been born five years ago
It should be this big by now.
Doudou, where are your parents?
My mom is missing
My father works hard to make money
I want to help him.
Can you hire me?
Daddy, I finally found your real wife
What a sensible little cute treasure
Auntie likes you, you come home with me
Wage organization double pull hook
The hook is not allowed to change after hanging for 100 years
You are more successful than me
From now on, I will call you Mommy.
Hmm hahaha
Mommy, if my child were still alive
It must be so cute to call me mommy
Mr. Gu
In front is the newly developed construction site of Jiang's Group
Do you want to stop by and have a look?
Well, Doudou is having a drink at the coffee shop in front
Go pick him up first
Mr. Gu
You put on your hard hat
Arrest this human trafficker for me